README.md, before:

#  Throttle 2

## Transmission download & File Managment for iOS & Mac

### Featuring
- Tunnel RPC over SSH
- Add downloads
- Monitor Downloads
- Do basic torrent operations
- File Managment
- Easy intuitive managment
- SFTP & Traditional (Usually Samba) File Managment
- File Thumnails
- Torrent Creation (\*nix platform ignostic, server side)
- Server Control

## Mac
- Automaticly Mount your remote drives over SFTP using SSHFS and Fuse-t for full file managment in finder

## iOS
- Built in File Browser using SSH & SFTP
- Split Screen control when mirroring. Image & video controls remain on device.
- Server side thumbnails for media (Requires FFMpeg on your server), falls back to client side using VlcKit
- Video playback and Image slideshows (On external display)

## To Come
- FFMpeg based or HTTP based video bridge for iOS (The last step required to enable key authentication for sftp)
- Keyfile support for ssh key file authentication (Part implimented, not supported byt MobileVLCKit sftp, working on alternatives)
- Local Daemon (Mac, with easy remote connection from iOS)

Based on lessons learned from Mission, https://github.com/TheNightmanCodeth/mission with borrowed code and ideas.


## Installation

### Mac

Download Throttle & add to your Applications folder.

We use SSHFS in combination with Fuse-t to provide a virtual files system over ssh. When choosing to map folders with SFTP you'll be prompted to install the bundled version, which is a direct download from github.
Traditional file mapping via samba or any other finder supported file system is also available.

Thumnails are generated by Finder on Mac. qlvideo is reccomended for better thumbnails on Mac, and also for thumbnails in finder (The ffmpeg implimentation in Throttle is rudimentary at best).
https://github.com/Marginal/QLVideo/releases/latest


### iOS
Use your sideloading method of choice - I've found https://sideloadly.io/ to work well.

Throttle for iOS needs FFMpeg on the server to generate video thumbnails. 

An installer is included in the iOS app to help you install this. The Mac version does not have this requirement.
You can still use Throttle without ffmpeg, but video thumbnails will be generic play icons.

*Note for windows users - due to the vast difference between windows and \*nix systems, I've made the assumption that you're using the built in openSSH, but it's largely untested. If anyone wants to help me test this / expand windows supprt, let me know.

Enjoy!

Commit message:

MOved to ftp - > sftp proxy for vlc to avoid password auth agains the sftp server

README.md, after:

#  Throttle 2

## Transmission download & File Managment for iOS & Mac

### Featuring
- Tunnel RPC over SSH
- Add downloads
- Monitor Downloads
- Do basic torrent operations
- File Managment
- Easy intuitive managment
- SFTP & Traditional (Usually Samba) File Managment
- File Thumnails
- Torrent Creation (\*nix platform ignostic, server side)
- Server Control

## Mac
- Automaticly Mount your remote drives over SFTP using SSHFS and Fuse-t for full file managment in finder

## iOS
- Built in File Browser using SSH & SFTP
- Split Screen control when mirroring. Image & video controls remain on device.
- Server side thumbnails for media (Requires FFMpeg on your server), falls back to client side using VlcKit
- Video playback and Image slideshows (On external display)

## To Come
- Local Daemon (Mac, with easy remote connection from iOS)

Based on lessons learned from Mission, https://github.com/TheNightmanCodeth/mission with borrowed code and ideas.


## Installation

### Mac

Download Throttle & add to your Applications folder.

We use SSHFS in combination with Fuse-t to provide a virtual files system over ssh. When choosing to map folders with SFTP you'll be prompted to install the bundled version, which is a direct download from github.
Traditional file mapping via samba or any other finder supported file system is also available.

Thumnails are generated by Finder on Mac. qlvideo is reccomended for better thumbnails on Mac, and also for thumbnails in finder (The ffmpeg implimentation in Throttle is rudimentary at best).
https://github.com/Marginal/QLVideo/releases/latest


### iOS
Use your sideloading method of choice - I've found https://sideloadly.io/ to work well.

### There are security implications to using Key Authentication
Currently if you use key authentication, we create a secure tunnel to play videos as VLCKit doen not support key authentication.
VLC uses Password Authentication over this tunnel, but only on your servers localhost. If you don't want this, don't leave a password in server settings and video playback will be disabled.

Throttle for iOS needs FFMpeg on the server to generate video thumbnails. 

An installer is included in the iOS app to help you install this. The Mac version does not have this requirement.
You can still use Throttle without ffmpeg, but video thumbnails will be generic play icons.

*Note for windows users - due to the vast difference between windows and \*nix systems, I've made the assumption that you're using the built in openSSH, but it's largely untested. If anyone wants to help me test this / expand windows supprt, let me know.

Enjoy!
