#  Throttle 2

## Transmission download & File Managment for iOS & Mac

### Featuring
- Add downloads
- Monitor Downloads
- Do basic torrent operations
- View & open files
- Easy intuitive managment
- SFTP & Local File Managment
- File Thumnails
- Torrent Creation (Uses torrent-create, installed with transmission-cli from your package manager)

## Mac
- Mount your drives using SSHFS and Fuse-t for full file managment in finder - Just install the packages from the settings or server screens, Throttle does the rest.
- Create torrents (Uses torrent-create, installed with transmission-cli)

## iOS
- File Browser using SFTP
- Server side thumbnails for media (Requrees FFMpeg on your server), falls back to client side
- Playback via VLC with a contuious play implimentation
- Create torrents (Uses torrent-create, installed with transmission-cli)

## To Come
- Better "Files to download" implimentation
- Secure connections to transmission over SSH
- Server Stats & Controls
- Local Daemon (mac)
- Better messaging on server actions (Success, fail etc)
- Streaming files via HTTP over SSH for ios versions
- ketfile support for ssh key file authentication.

Based on lessons learned from Mission for Mac & Throttle 1 (a fork of mission)

## Preparation
### Reccomended setup for a mac server (In additions to transmission):
if you need Homebrew:  
`/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"'
`brew install transmission-cli'
For server side Thumnails for the ios version of throttle (Reccomnded) on mac
`brew install ffmpeg`
Enable remote login: https://support.apple.com/lt-lt/guide/mac-help/mchlp1066/mac

### Reccomended setup for a Debian or Ubuntu server (Ina addition to transmission):
`sudo apt update`
`sudo apt install transmission-cli'
For server side Thumnails for the ios version of throttle (Reccomnded) on ubuntu
`apt install ffmpeg`



## Installation

### Mac
Download Throttle & add to your Applications folder
Thumnails are generated by Finder on Mac. qlvideo is reccomended for better thumbnails on macos, and also for thumbnails in finder (The ffmpeg implimentation in Throttle is rudimentary at best).

We use SSHFS in combination with Fuse-t to provide a virtual files system over ssh. When choosing to map folders with SFTP you'll be prompted to install the bundled version, which is a direct download from website.
Traditional file mapping via samba or any other finder supported file system is also available. 

To view thumbnails on files not traditionally supported by Finder, download Quicklook Video
https://github.com/Marginal/QLVideo/releases/latest

Enjoy!

### iOS
Use your sideloading method of choice - I've found https://sideloadly.io/ to work well.

### Server Side Thumbnails on iOS
Throttle has client side thumbnailing, but it's not as good as I'd like, but mostly works. 
I'd reccomend installing FFmpeg on your server and enabling server side thumbnails in the Throttle server settings page.
